Visual aspect for RETHORIC:
 -parthos 
    - The emotions and feelings the audience experience
 -ethos (MAIN FOCUS!)
    - The person that speaks
        - Virtue
        - Goodness
        - Experience
        // Authority, credibility and character
 -logos
    - The matter/case/argument
    
Use charts in a logical and meaningful way.

Can be used effective in documents through heading, fonts, color
    and other visual elements.

Three stages: oral -> text -> visual

Starts with approaching the visual era.

Use the classics (Aristotle, Cicero and Quintilian) and their
    arguments for discussing visual document design (WWW).

Use it for pushing the visually-embedded documents to becomming 
    more successful and accessible through the classical retoric
    arguments.

(OWN OBSERVATIONS) -> The visuals are not just added with haste
    at the end, but rather path of the foundation in good rethorical
    documents.

(PURPOSE OF THESIS) -> Discover ways that classical ethos is enacted
    in the visual text design of Web sites.

    Analyzes two Web sites for their successful use of ethos in design.

    -SHAZAM, Inc (financial network)

    -Flyway: A journal of Writing and Environment(Non profit liteary journal)

    Both sites rely on elements to represent the organization to the public


    Chapter two explores the classical rhetorical models for ethos,
        pluss some modern interpretations and divergences.
        The authors.
            -CLassics :(Aristotle, Cicero and Quintilian)

            -Modern : utilize classical terminology in uniqye and imaginative ways.

        Ethos : Both positive and negative 

    Chapter three: Demonstrate the power of classical rhetoric in analyzing
        and creating visual document designs.

        The retorical analysis will determine the extend to which ethos
        has been utilized successfully.

        Front page and about page. (conveying the authors)
            The most rethorical, best to study.


    Chapter 4: Summerize.
        Are the visual documents created with the same principles
        that oral speeches and written texts are?


CHAPTER TWO:
    Ethos:
        Classical: 
            credibility and character.
        Aristotle:
            Focus oral communication
            Rethoric: an ability, in each particular case,
                to see the available means of persuation
            Believe fair minded people in many cases and especially
                where there are room for doubt
            Practical visdom: [phronēsis]
                "I have 20 years experience in the field"
            Virtue: [aretē]
                "Morale character and honor"
            Good Will: [eunoia]
                "disposition toward the audience"
            All must be fulfilled if not everything falls apart.
        SELF:
            Can ethos be created? And therefore be established 
                in the website as a building block when 
                conveying information.
            Convey VS convince.
    Cicero:
        Three parts:
            Proving contentions.
            Winning over our audience.
            inducing their minds to feel any emotion the case may demand.
        Orator(Speaker)
            new view: Speakers actions over character.
            People's minds are won over by a man's prestige, his accomplishments
            and the reputation he has acquired by his way of life.
            MOS MAIORUM (family reputation)
        For Aristotle ethos has nothing to do with emotions,
            while for Cicero, he argues that to be won over one must be 
            infused with the required emotions. (Humility and gentleness).
    Together(SUMMARY):
        1.	 Ethos conveys a rhetor’s trustworthiness (Aristotle) and goodwill (Aristotle, Cicero,
            Quintilian) to an audience.
        2.	 Ethos can inspire a positive, persuasive emotional reaction through an understated
            tone and a sense of goodness on the rhetor’s part (Cicero, Quintilian).
        3.	 Ethos can assist in overcoming prior perceptions (Aristotle), but may also rely upon
            previous reputation to persuade an audience (Cicero, Quintilian).
    Modern: 
        Classisist>Lacking roots>Missing elements of the past.
            No ethos in its classical form or meaning.
        POINTS: would you rather visit a Web site that screams in your face,
            or would you be taken in by its warm welcome and subtleness.
        Postmodern thinking> focus on aspects of chaos and fragmentation.
        LaGrandeur claims> Digital media> Integrative, intertetual and complex
        >provide us with excellent, codified ways to think about the persuasive
            efficiacy of images and words as interdependent and interactive things.
        Aristotle asserts that rhetoric is the art of discovering "the means   
            of persuation"
                Here means gives way to including digital and visual content 
                    as our age demands.
                This content also relies upon the three artistic proofs of 
                    logos, pathos and ethos.
        Shapes, colors and materials things that rhetorics analyzes meaning to.
        Technological reasoning, character and emotion >> logos, ethos, and pathos.
        Together with Ehses < Macbeth >
            combination of semiotics and classical rhetoric.
            Rhetoric no loger have negative connotations associated with persuasion,
                but rather association with choice and reason.
            This gives Rhetoric potention utility in other areas where persuasion is significant
                in modes other than oral and written > such as design.
            Tratidional canon model of rhetoric:
                inventio, dispositio, elocutio, memoria and pronunciatio.
    SHORT >> LaGrandeur, Buchanan and Ehses give visual analysis and creation 
        a definite role with rhetorics.
    AGAIN FOCUS ON: Ethos.
    
    The place of ethos in visual creation and analysis.
        Can mean many things: 
            heading, white space, font choices, photographs, charts and graphs >> Visual elements.
        David Hutto: on scientific graphics < Gives the ethos of a scientist.
        If, as a scientist you do not know how to convey some data,
            noone will be interested since noone will know.
        